README.md, before:

## My kitty terminal config

I was supposed to work, I was supposed to fucking work. Buut anyway I found something more fun to do, I'll do my work later.

As a student at [42Lausanne](https://www.42lausanne.ch/) we are limited to resources that we can use, And Kitty is one of the tools that we are allowed to install.

### Why kitty?
Well, because I was looking for something more native to unix than iTerm, because [EVERYTHING IS A FILE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Everything_is_a_file) in Unix and so is the kitty config (I personally don't like gui based configurations, I also do like the concept of [unixporn](https://www.reddit.com/r/unixporn/)).

### Showcase
![1](https://github.com/0xb1n4r/kitty.dots/blob/main/showcase/1.png)

------------------

### Usefull keybinding and philosophy

First of all, I've removed the title bar (again a personal choice).

`hide_window_decorations titlebar-only`

### Layout management: Splits

		cmd+shift+h : split the window horizontally
		cmd+shift+v : split the window vertically
		ctrl+d	: close the current window
		alt+cmd+(up, down, right, left) : resizing the windows
		cmd+(up, down, right, left) : jumping through the windows
		cmd+shift+(up, down, right, left) : moving the windows places

### Font sizing
		cmd+`+` : increase the font +1.0
		cmd+`-` : decrease the font -1.0


### Theme
		* Tip, thanks to Mano
		kitty +kitten themes


### Add the configuration

In the folder ```.config``` in your home, move the files like this tree.

```
kitty
└── kitty.conf
nvim
├── init
├── init.vim
├── plug-config
├── plugged
├── shada
└── site
```


### Progressing
It is just a basic config, but as I progress I'll add more informations later on.

Commit message:

explain how install plugin vim

README.md, after:

## My kitty terminal config

I was supposed to work, I was supposed to fucking work. Buut anyway I found something more fun to do, I'll do my work later.

As a student at [42Lausanne](https://www.42lausanne.ch/) we are limited to resources that we can use, And Kitty is one of the tools that we are allowed to install.

### Why kitty?
Well, because I was looking for something more native to unix than iTerm, because [EVERYTHING IS A FILE](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Everything_is_a_file) in Unix and so is the kitty config (I personally don't like gui based configurations, I also do like the concept of [unixporn](https://www.reddit.com/r/unixporn/)).

### Showcase
![1](https://github.com/0xb1n4r/kitty.dots/blob/main/showcase/1.png)

------------------

### Usefull keybinding and philosophy

First of all, I've removed the title bar (again a personal choice).

`hide_window_decorations titlebar-only`

### Layout management: Splits

		cmd+shift+h : split the window horizontally
		cmd+shift+v : split the window vertically
		ctrl+d	: close the current window
		alt+cmd+(up, down, right, left) : resizing the windows
		cmd+(up, down, right, left) : jumping through the windows
		cmd+shift+(up, down, right, left) : moving the windows places

### Font sizing
		cmd+`+` : increase the font +1.0
		cmd+`-` : decrease the font -1.0


### Theme
		* Tip, thanks to Mano
		kitty +kitten themes


### Add the configuration

1. Excecute ```./plug.sh```
2. Install plugin in neovim with ```:PlugInstall```


### Progressing

It is just a basic config, but as I progress I'll add more informations later on.
